- [Instructor] So we haven't really
done much yet
other than generate a project.
So before we get too much deeper
let's spend a moment and talk about
what you get with the project
created by this spring initializr.
So what I'd like you to do
is to open up your ID
and we're going to open up
the booting web project
and let's start with our pom file.
So you'll see it in the pom file
we get many of the values
that we entered in the initializr
such as group ID and artifact ID
but you'll also notice
that we get a couple dependencies.
Now, the web dependence that we got
because we selected web
as a dependency
and it by default brings in
spring boot starter.
We also get a test dependency for free,
again that comes just because
we've chosen spring boot starter
via spring boot web.
So you're always
going to get tests as well.
Now with the starter web dependency
we get an entire web framework
and configuration from just that
and we're going to go into more details
of that here in a bit
but in the short-term
let's go to source main Java
and open up our route package
and you'll see
that we got a class file.
So let's open up that class file
and you'll see that
this is a class that's annotated
with at spring boot application.
This defines that this class
being the route package
for configuration via component scanning
as well as being configurations
that are defined within it.
Now, right now, we don't have any
but this is a configuration class
and we can put being configuration
in this class if we choose
you'll notice it also has a main method
and that's how spring actually starts
is by executing this main method
when it builds its jar file
which is ultimately what it builds
that jar file points
to this main method.
So now let's open up
the source main resources folder
and you know that
we put a static file in here
called index at HTML.
There also is a file
called application.properties.
Now, right now,
this is blank
but this is where
you can load
various configuration properties
for your application
that you want to be stored
within the application itself
as opposed to injected
via environment variables.
Now, we're going to dig more
into this file later
but I want you to note
that it could be more
than just a properties file.
You can use YAML for instance,
instead of properties.
Now there's one of the things
that we got for free
and if you open up the test package
you'll see that there is a test for this
and it's annotated
with at spring boot test.
Now this test comes for free
again with the initializr,
you'll notice that it is annotated
with at spring boot test
and that tells it
to load the configuration
as part of this test
and it includes one test
and right now that test just ensures
that the context itself loads
so that everything is wired in.
Now, there may be
a couple of their files here
that came with it for free,
such as some Maven files
and some scripts.
We're not going to talk about those
right now but they're there
if you need them,
there's also a help file
that is very helpful
if you need pointers
as to where the documentation is
and there's a get ignore file by default
because usually we're pushing this
into source control
and as a matter of fact,
that's how I do all of my code
is I run it through source control
even if it's local
so that I can keep versions of it
while I'm going
and I highly encourage you to do that
so you can always step back in time
as you need to.